Env: Restrict `WP_TESTS_DOMAIN` constant to just hostname and not home URL (#41039)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/env/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - Restrict `WP_TESTS_DOMAIN` constant to just hostname and an entire URL (with scheme, port, and path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restrict `WP_TESTS_DOMAIN` constant to just hostname rather than an entire URL (e.g. it now excludes scheme, port, etc.)
```

noticed a typo, and made a separate clarification if that makes sense to you :)

Author: Oops. Thank you.
